hey how's it going guys JT judgment here
and welcome to another legend review
here on my channel in ultimate team
today as you can see on the screen right
now we're going to be looking at the
Portuguese right winger Louis Viggo and
I had a couple of messages from you guys
saying why haven't i reviewed this guy
you know because he looks awesome and
he's Louie Vito you know so I was
surprised by how many of you wanted to
see this or I instantly bought the guy
check through him in a team and just
started the review because I knew you
guys really wanted to see it so Louie
Viggo if you judge a player by card face
stats I mean you're going to be
expecting something awesome I mean the
main for stats are going to be looking
in a winger obviously his pace shooting
dribbling and passing when it comes to
Vigo he's got 83 pace 91 dribbling 80
shooting an 87 passing so those are very
very good stats for a winger guys
there's nothing to frown about
whatsoever there and his in gamestats
really don't disappoint either 93
ball-control 94 dribbling 90 long shots
89 cross in 88 free kicks 84
acceleration and agility 88 reactions I
mean there's no disappointment to be on
to be honest to be had when it comes to
stats in general about louie v go um
does he play like that in game well
honestly for me I got a surprise you
hear he really didn't play for me as
well as I expected him to I really
really wanted to enjoy this player
because not only me my brother wanted to
try him out as well and as of this
moment of recording this right now my
brother hasn't used them so I can't
comment on that but for me honestly he
didn't play as well as I expected him to
now let's go through his stats one by
one as I always do 83 pace on the card I
got to agree with that stat he didn't
feel faster he didn't feel slow way he
got caught up by some defenders he
outpaced other defenders I mean it's
pretty normal you get what you expect
his past it is fantastic I got to agree
with that 87 passing start as well now
if you look at them the start of this
video you will see he only had like one
or two assists but that is rubbish
absolute rubbish I got very very unlucky
when it came to finishing off the
assists that he gave me and when
crossing into the box i got unlucky went
head in when i come up against amazing
goalkeeper saves I when I got unlucky
and hitting them white so um he assisted
my team a lot he played a crucial part
in setting up a lot of chances and a lot
of opportunities it just came down to
poor finishing and very unlucky coming
up against amazing goalkeeper saves
basically so I gotta say that 87 pass
since that is true he's got fantastic
pass and he's got good work great well I
should say perfect workers actually for
a winger in high attacking and low
defending he's also the four-star skills
as well guys so if you're someone who
knows what they're doing with your
skills you will enjoy him that much more
his minuses now he's got a terrible week
for a four-star weak foot is absolutely
terrible it is exactly what i would call
of a one for the player guys so if you
are thinking of buying vigo my opinions
and my advice to you is try and get him
on his right foot as much as possible
but his shooting outside the box is
absolutely fantastic that 80 shoot is
that I got to agree with his finishing
in inside the box no problems obviously
when I'm talking about is her right foot
here guys is finishing inside the box
and taking long shot with his right for
this absolutely fantastic you will see
from pretty much all the goals in this
video I think that most of the goals
that I scored with him was scored using
the outside of his boot on his right
foot so you know that kind of explains
and shows that his weak foot is terrible
because I tried using his weak foot but
even Vigo himself didn't want to use his
wickford he tried to use his outside
well the outside of his boot more often
than using his weak foot his head and
his terrible as well guys even though
headin in this game is overpowered head
and wave ego just didn't seem to click
he is very very weak as well guys he
hasn't got the best of strength stats as
well as aggression stat and it shows in
game he was muscled off by pretty much
anyone that tried to take the ball off
him um and it just got really really
frustrated and now for the biggest
weakness is
Blaine didn't feel like 91 now I cannot
explain and understand why his dribbling
was as bad as it was you know 91 dublin
on the card you expect a good dribbler
but it just it shocked me how bad is
dribbling was it really really was not
91 dribbling if I had to save how we
feel how we played on the pitch I gotta
say low eighties it really did be feel
that bad for me so is he worth it guys
after everything that I've summarized in
this video I've got to say he is not
worth it he currently goes for the 1.5
million coin mark think of what you can
get for the coins guys messy ebrahim of
other legends I've got to say he's not
with the guys I can understand people
wanting to use him because he's a big
name from the past but I've honestly got
to say he's nothing too special in my
opinion going from how he played for me
I've got to say he's not worth the coins
guys so that's gonna wrap up my final
thought and review on the legend Louie
Vito I really do hope you enjoyed this
video and I hope it helped you decide
whether or not to buy him if you buy him
guys let me know in the comments section
how he plays for you I'm always
interested in finding out loud players
play for you get involved guys let me
know how things work out for you I'm
always interested in cheering throws out
and as always guys if you hit the like
button and the subscribe button today if
you haven't already I always appreciate
it it really does help me out guys and
as always for me take care and I will
see you all next time tada guys
you